Add steps to try out pull_from_upstream (#736)
packit/packit.dev: docs/fedora-releases-guide.md

![Dashboard view for pull_from_upstream](img/fedora-releases-guide/pull-from-upstream-dashboard.png)

#### Trying it out
If you are interested in this functionality and want to try it out, you can trigger the job from a pull request.

> If there is a new release pending for your package ([release-monitoring.org](https://release-monitoring.org/) bugzilla has been opened but no rebase done in dist-git yet), do the following:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a new release pending for your package (Bugzilla created by [release-monitoring.org](https://release-monitoring.org/) has been opened, but no rebase has been done in dist-git yet), do the following:

```

Author: I don't like the "conflict" between created and opened here, how about "bugzilla has been opened by release-monitoring.org"?

Reviewer: I missed that, sure, that makes sense

- create a `rawhide`-based pull request with Packit configuration defining the [`pull_from_upstream` job](/docs/configuration/downstream/pull_from_upstream)
- comment `/packit pull-from-upstream --with-pr-config` on the pull request
- check the [dashboard](https://dashboard.packit.dev/jobs/pull-from-upstreams)

> - if everything went well, review the pull request(s) created by Packit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if everything went well, review the pull request(s) in your dist-git repository created by Packit
```

> - if you are happy with the results, merge your pull request and comment `/packit pull-from-upstream` to run the job for real (existing Packit-created pull requests will be updated)

Reviewer: > comment `/packit pull-from-upstream` to run the job for real (existing Packit-created pull requests will be updated)

this should not be needed, or am I missing something?

Author: True, not really needed, I'll remove it.

> If there is no pending release and your package has been rebased at least once in the past, you can still try the job using a private branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no pending release and your package has been rebased at least once in the past, you can still try the job using a new testing branch:
```

Author: I believe "private branch" is a coined term, at least for RHEL package maintainers. However, I can't find any mention of it in Fedora documentation. So, let's go with your suggestion.

- create a branch pointing to a commit before the last rebase, name it e.g. `packit-test` and push it (directly to dist-git, not to your fork)
- create a `rawhide`-based pull request with Packit configuration defining the [`pull_from_upstream` job](/docs/configuration/downstream/pull_from_upstream)

> - in the configuration, set the `dist_git_branches` attribute of the `pull_from_upstream` job to the name of the private branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- in the configuration, set the `dist_git_branches` option of the `pull_from_upstream` job to the name of the testing branch
```
